[docs] Example atproto dashboard `dg` (#30497)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/examples/bluesky/dashboard.md

<CodeExample
  path="docs_projects/project_atproto_dashboard/src/project_atproto_dashboard/defs/dashboard.py"
  language="python"
  startAfter="start_powerbi"
  endBefore="end_powerbi"
  title="src/project_atproto_dashboard/defs/dashboard.py"
/>

Then, like dbt, we will define a translator. This time since the Power BI assets live downstream of our dbt models, we will map the Power BI assets to those model assets.

<CodeExample
  path="docs_projects/project_atproto_dashboard/src/project_atproto_dashboard/defs/dashboard.py"
  language="python"
  startAfter="start_dbt"
  endBefore="end_dbt"
  title="src/project_atproto_dashboard/defs/dashboard.py"
/>

## Definition merge

With the dashboard assets set, we have all three layers of the end-to-end project ready to go. We can now initialize and define all the resources used by the assets across the three layers of the project.

<CodeExample
  path="docs_projects/project_atproto_dashboard/src/project_atproto_dashboard/defs/resources.py"
  language="python"
  startAfter="start_def"
  endBefore="end_def"
  title="src/project_atproto_dashboard/defs/resources.py"
/>

> Defining our `Definitions` this way will automatically load all the assets defined in the project. The only thing that needs to be set explicitly are the resources used by those assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining our `Definitions` this way will automatically load all the assets defined in the project. The only things that need to be set explicitly are the resources used by those assets.
```
